be sure to check out fifa coins online
for the best deals of fifa coins for a
website that you know that you can trust
what's up guys Casey and welcome to
another one of the special squads videos
today we have the arsenal Invincibles of
2004 sadly we couldn't actually get
every single player that was included in
the squad because of course they're not
in the game but we did get some clothes
replacements like this layman guy in
goal this is basically the team that
played the most games during that during
that season so anyway just before we get
stuck into it as well I do want to say
as a link down below to someone called
GC iron Messi he's doing a similar
series but on the creation center so go
and check him out definitely he's a
pretty awesome but anyway Inc oh we have
layman it's a random central defensive
mid only got zero chemistry because he's
an absolute beast and was absolutely
appalling in goal left back we have
Ashley Cole he was actually in the team
it's the proper one and he's on nine
chemistry which is quite nice sent back
we have Fraser Campbell it would be so
Campbell but of course he isn't in the
game anymore he of course was a terrible
defender but if 87 pace not too bad I
guess he only had one chemistry as well
second sent back is Cola Toria actually
in the team 6 chemistry not too bad
scored a couple headers and pretty good
defensively right back we had this guy
Laura I guess that's the closest one to
Lauren I could get not Matt not much
chemistry just 681 pace pretty terrible
indeed left mid we have Jeremy alley
idea that actual one only free chemistry
so he of course was absolutely terrible
second a center that's not right then is
sent to mid we have Vieira this guy of
course isn't the actual Vieira he has an
extra I in his name but he got six
chemistry it was actually alright scored
quite a few decent goals and has 88 pace
second sentiment is Gilberto silver the
actual one I can't believe he's still
playing but he got six chemistry as well
not very good very slow good defending I
guess but that's about all he has to
offer
right mid we have a random I do 62 page
there's nobody even look in his stats
cuz he's so bad and yet one chemistry
sona forward we had Bergkamp the only
Bergkamp we could find on the game and
again this guy was absolutely terrible
six chemistry but it felt like he didn't
have legs he was so so bad and then up
front we have the main man Thierry on
rehab salute beast for saw skills he was
actually pretty good only shows that we
played one
because we played most against
subscribers and stuff like that but he
was actually alright and you're gonna
see some of the gameplay now so let's
move on to that so as you can see on
this but we tried playing in the gold
cup and it just was not successful till
we lost 11 nil absolutely appalling so
most of this gameplay is actually
against subscribers or other youtubers
with a similar chemistry teams we just
probably be a nice way to get gameplay
and make it a bit more even and in
general when we were playing against
other 50 chemistry teams the team wasn't
too bad I guess like oh Marie was an
absolute monster up front with far and
away the best player absolutely mentor
just like he was in the actual season he
was so so good Clara Tori was pretty
decent Ashley Cole was alright Vieira
scored a few nice goals I think there's
a really nice one coming up here but
other than that the team was really a
pulling I do absolutely terrible but
that isn't the whole point of this is it
the whole point is to show off this team
like the Invincibles and any Arsenal fan
of course would love this team now I do
not want to recommend anyone to buy this
team because you won't win games I'm
just gonna straight-up say that you will
not win any games if you use this team
at all it's terrible four wins but it is
something like unique as this squad
builder is supposed to be so as I said
at the beginning it's basically just the
11 players that played the most games
during the season not even the best 11
because like alia D hare is included and
he was without a doubt not the best
player in that season so there's some
players like Perez and stuff that sadly
don't get an inclusion but and the team
did follow closely just how it actually
played out in 2004 as well with Omri
getting most of the goals Vieira doing
most of the assists and all the
defensive work Joubert a silver being
the rock in the middle it was very it
played very similar to the actual thing
but the only difference was Dennis
Bergkamp all that are pretend Bergkamp
on this game was absolutely appalling he
was one of the worst players I've ever
used on this game he missed like open
goals easy shots everything he was
absolutely pulling so yeah it's so so
bad don't ever game but I genuinely
would recommend using the ordinary
honoree in general teams because he was
a really really good player but we're
coming up towards the end of this
episode now guys so dude just want to
quickly say thank you to any any other
subscribers that played us with their
lower chemistry teams thanks a lot that
really did help out leave a like if you
enjoyed this episode of this new series
give me some more suggestions down below
with teams you'd like to see whether
that's more
like teams like x-ray Alex pers or some
other random cool ideas let me know them
in the comments below if we get too
foreign she likes that be amazing guys
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already thanks again for watching and I
will see you next time bye